README.md, before:

# sicness
A work-in-progress online SIC/XE assembler/debugger written in Typescript (ES6)/HTML/CSS.

## Features
### Assembler
* All SIC/XE instructions are supported.
* SIC Legacy instructions (*LDA) are supported.
* Outputs a complete .lst properly.
* The following compiler directives are supported:
    * START/END
    * RESW/RESB
	* WORD/BYTE
	* USE
	* BASE/NOBASE
* The following compiler directives are partially supported:
    * LTORG (does not place a new literal when out of pcrel/baserel range, fix AUTO-LTORG/LTORG-WORD)
	* EQU (does not interact with asterisk properly)
	* \* (does not interact with EQU properly)

### Website:
* Basic frontend complete (it looks awful).

## Roadmap
### Assembler:
* Add tests for SIC legacy operands and SicSpace instructions.
* Implement standalone executable script.
* Implement .obj format.
* Implement expression parser (BUFFERB - BUFFERA).
* Fix LTORG/EQU/\*
* Implement CSECT/ORG

### Website:
* Clean up the css/html so it doesn't look awful.
* Make a nicer looking frontend with React/Angular/Vue.
* Seperate output for .lst and .obj.
* Add a tabbed setup to switch between assembler and debugger.

### Debugger:
* Implement entire thing.

## Running the project
The latest "stable" version of the project can be viewed at <https://jonathanrlemos.github.io/sicness>.

## Developing the project

### Getting started
First, clone the repository:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/jonathanrlemos/sicness.git
cd sicness
```

Then download all dependencies:
```shell
npm install
```

### Building the project
The project can be built with the following command:
```shell
npx gulp
```

The built file can then be moved to the website with:
```shell
rm docs/sicness.min.js
cp dist/sicness.min.js docs
```

The project can then be tested with the following command:
```shell
npm test
```

### Running the project
The website can be run with the following command:
```shell
cd docs
python -m http.server
```

You can then access the website by visiting <localhost:8000>.

## Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing guidelines.

## Licensing
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for details.

Commit message:

@types/node added to npm dependencies. standalone sicasm script made. added missing instructions to bytecode table. removed unused DEV00 slider from html. script can now be run with npm start. readme updated to reflect standalone script.

README.md, after:

# sicness
A work-in-progress online SIC/XE assembler/debugger written in Typescript (ES6)/HTML/CSS. It is available as both a website and a standalone script.

## Features
### Assembler
* All SIC/XE instructions are supported.
* SIC Legacy instructions (*LDA) are supported.
* Outputs a complete .lst properly.
* The following compiler directives are supported:
    * START/END
    * RESW/RESB
	* WORD/BYTE
	* USE
	* BASE/NOBASE
* The following compiler directives are partially supported:
    * LTORG (does not place a new literal when out of pcrel/baserel range, fix AUTO-LTORG/LTORG-WORD)
	* EQU (does not interact with asterisk properly)
	* \* (does not interact with EQU properly)

### Website:
* Basic frontend complete (it looks awful).

## Roadmap
### Assembler:
* Add tests for SIC legacy operands and SicSpace instructions.
* Implement .obj format.
* Implement expression parser (BUFFERB - BUFFERA).
* Fix LTORG/EQU/\*
* Implement CSECT/ORG

### Website:
* Clean up the css/html so it doesn't look awful.
* Make a nicer looking frontend with React/Angular/Vue.
* Seperate output for .lst and .obj.
* Add a tabbed setup to switch between assembler and debugger.

### Debugger:
* Implement entire thing.

## Running the project
The latest "stable" version of the website can be viewed at <https://jonathanrlemos.github.io/sicness>.
If you want to run the standalone script or want to develop it, follow the instructions below.

### Getting started
First, clone the repository:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/jonathanrlemos/sicness.git
cd sicness
```

Then download all dependencies:
```shell
npm install
```

The standalone script can then be run as follows:
```shell
npm start path/to/asm
```

### Building the project
The browser js file can be built with the following command:
```shell
npx gulp
```

The built file can then be moved to the website with:
```shell
rm docs/sicness.min.js
cp dist/sicness.min.js docs
```

### Testing the project
The project can then be tested with the following command:
```shell
npm test
```

### Running the project
The website can be run with the following command:
```shell
cd docs
python -m http.server
```

You can then access the website by visiting <localhost:8000>.

## Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing guidelines.

## Licensing
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for details.
